W-11021541 Adding Alt. Text (#74)
mulesoft/docs-anypoint-security: modules/ROOT/pages/index-policies.adoc

You can use the Anypoint Security policies to manage all traffic to your Runtime Fabric, and leverage API Manager policies to apply specific behaviors to specific APIs.

> image::index-e9021.png[Flow Chart connecting Anypoint Platform services with various Runtime Fabric API Policies and then to respective Mule applications.]

Reviewer: It's okay to go a little over 125 characters, but if you want to be strict, you could do something like: 
```suggestion
image::index-e9021.png[Flow Chart connecting Anypoint Platform services with Runtime Fabric API Policies and their respective Mule applications.]
```
